This n8n workflow takes in a document such as a research paper, marketing or sales deck or company filings, and breaks them down into 3 templates: study guide, briefing doc and timeline.

These templates are designed to help a student, associate or clerk quickly summarise, learn and understand the contents to be more productive.

* Study guide - a short quiz of questions and answered generated by the AI Agent using the contents of the document.
* Briefing Doc - key information and insights are extracted by the AI into a digestable form.
* Timeline - key events, durations and people are identified and listed into a simple to understand timeline by the AI

## How it works
* A local file trigger watches a local network directory for new documents.
* New documents are imported into the workflow, its contents extracted and vectorised into a Qdrant vector store to build a mini-knowledgebase.
* The document then passes through a series of template generating prompts where the AI will perform "research" on the knowledgebase to generate the template contents.
* Generated study guide, briefing and timeline documents are exported to a designated folder for the user.

## Requirements
* Self-hosted version of n8n.
* Qdrant instance for knowledgebase.
* Mistral.ai account for embeddings and AI model.

## Customising your workflow

Try adding your own templates or adjusting the existing templates to suit your unique use-case. Anything is quite possible and limited only by your imagination!

## Want to go fully local?

A version of this workflow is available which uses Ollama instead. You can download this template here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VV5R2nW-IhVcFP_k8uEks4LsLRZrHSNG/view?usp=sharing